fix: apply query variable defaults when undefined is passed explicitly (#13364)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/pink-shoes-cheer.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> Fix a bug where GraphQL variable default values were not applied when `undefined` was passed explicitly in `variables`. This caused `@include`/`@skip` directives to throw "Invalid variable referenced" errors when the variable was passed as `undefined` instead of being omitted entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where GraphQL variable default values were not applied during cache reads when variables with defaults were explicitly set to `undefined`. This caused `@include`/`@skip` directives to throw "Invalid variable referenced" errors when the variable was passed as `undefined` instead of being omitted entirely.
```

Small suggestion to make it clear that this is for cache reads, not necessarily the whole client.
